Minutes for group meeting 3
* Group 02 – “Pulp”
* Date and location: July 11, 2021 Online
* Present: Jonathan Boal, Charles Saluski, Christopher Murphy, Jadon Fowler (6:30)
* Missing: Mina Mimy Naguib Hemaia, Gemiana, Hannah Larreau
* Facilitator: Jadon Fowler
* Minute taker: Christopher Murphy
* Quality assurance: Mina Hemaia ( Jonathan Boal acting as interim )
* Project repo: https://github.com/Csaluski/cs-386-project
* Slack: https://cs386group.slack.com/archives/C02825Y6NF2
* Start: 6:00 pm
* Finish: 7:30 pm


Summary of Activities
1. Deliverables
   * Still working on D1, how many interviews do we have completed?
2. Code
   * Still getting everyone’s environment setup?
starting to plan out who has what responsibilities in the codebase
3. Retrospective
   * Thank you to everyone who has been attending the meetings regularly
We really need to be doing more meetings every week, getting 4 every week would be perfect
   * Barriers: without a personal laptop writing code may be difficult, so taking on other responsibilities that don’t require one would be good
4. Planning
   * Figuring out who is doing what
Jadon has 2 interviews to format still
Everyone needs to have their interviews in before Monday night (?)
We need to be utilizing github issues more
