Agenda for group meeting 4
* Date and location: 2021-07-13 17:00(5:00pm), Cline Library Room 183
* Facilitator: Jonathan Boal
* Minute taker: Jadon Fowler
* Main objective: Start D2 and have it finished before class tomorrow
* Individual prep:
  * Every member needs to BRING 2 user stories, AND submit as pull requests to Github TONIGHT
  * Create a use case description and interface sketch to submit, submitted as pull requests to Github BEFORE CLASS TOMORROW
  * Stakeholders (come up with 3 stakeholders each, submitted as pull requests to Github TONIGHT)

Live meeting:
* Summary of activities (5 min)
* Retrospective (5 min)
* Delegate writing of parts of D2 (5 min)
* Planning poker round 1 (50 min)
  * Everyone's first user story (~7*7)
* Group sections of D2 (60 min)
  * Create use case diagram (20 min)
  * Identify functional requirements (15 min)
  * Identify non-functional requirements (10 min)
  * Decide on features for MVP and how to validate them (15 min)
* Planning poker round 2, everyone's second user story (50 min) (we won't get to this)
* Everyone's first user story (~7*7)
* Closing remarks (5 min)
