Agenda for group meeting 5
* Date and location: 2021-07-14 17:00, Cline Library Room 184
* Facilitator: Jonathan Boal
* Minute taker: Jadon Fowler
* Main objective: Wrap up D2 and start/finish D3

Individual prep:
* if you have technical issues please come at 4:30 instead of 5:00

Live meeting:
* Summary of activities (5 min)
  * Almost everyone has turned in the parts for D2
  * We’re going to do D3 now
  * Then design for D5
  * And this weekend implement the design for D4
  * Jon has a lot of relatives
* Retrospective (5 min)
  * Thanks everyone for getting your stuff in
  * Nice job on the uml!
  * We really need to turn in parts by the deadlines!!!
* Discuss timely submission (3 min)
  * Don’t cram the night before! It’ll suck!
* Preparation for coding (2 min)
* D2 Wrap up (10min)
  * Hannah is doing Section 1 now instead of Chris
  * Every other section is looking good
* D3 (60 minutes)
  * Jadon is drawing some boxes
  * Description (30min)
    * Look down below
    * Really figuring out tagging!
  * Model (30min)
    * Do UML for the user, paper, and tagging components
  * Closing remarks (15 min)
  * Discussion of next meeting (10 min)
  * Assign prep for coding (5 min)
