Minutes for group meeting 2
Group 02 – “Pulp”

Date and location: July 9, 2021 Engineering Building Internet Cafe + Zoom

Present: Jonathan Boal, Jadon Fowler, Charles Saluski, Hannah Larreau,

Present on zoom: Gemiana Rizk and Christopher Murphy

Missing: Mina Mimy Naguib Hemaia

Facilitator: Jadon Fowler

Minute taker: Christopher Murphy

Quality assurance: Mina Hemaia ( Jonathan Boal acting as interim )

Project repo: https://github.com/Csaluski/cs-386-project

Slack: https://cs386group.slack.com/archives/C02825Y6NF2

Start: 6:10 pm

Finish: 7:30 pm

Agenda

* Start 6:10 - 6:20 Review and improve interview questions
* 6:20 - 6:45 Conduct mock interview
* 6:45 - 7:10  Discussing mock interview for D1
* 7:10- 7:30 Talking more about the design of the project

1. Summary of activities
   * Set up Github and Slack channel - Charlie
   * Set up minimum test of tech stack - Jadon
2. Retrospective
   * Appreciations: Jadon got the web server setup.
   * Successes: Getting everyone on the same page.
   * What didn’t go well: Getting everyone together for the meetings.
   * Barriers: Mina had a family emergency, need interim QA.
   * What we should try next time: Scheduling meetings further in advance.
3. Work on interview questions
    * Rephrased many of the questions, reordered and added follow up questions.
    * Had a mock interview with Hannah’s significant other.
4. Select interim QA
    * Selected John as interim.
5. Planning
    * Download all necessary software discussed in meeting one.
    * Conduct interviews with relevant product users.
    * Establish the next meeting date, Sunday.
