Agenda for group meeting 7
* Date and location: 2021-07-16 17:00, engineering
* Facilitator: Jonathan Boal
* Minute taker: Jadon Fowler
* Main objective: Discussion going forward about Design and Plan for the weekend, Delegate tasks

Individual prep:
* best if midterm is complete before meeting

Live meeting:
* Summary of activities (5 min)
  * Finish up UML for D5
  * Finish up midterm guys!
* Retrospective (5 min)
  * Thanks to people who brought food!
  * Thanks to Jadon & Charlie for spearheading the UML!
  * finish up design and start delegation(130min)

Gemiana:
* /index GET

Chris & Jon:
* /login GET
* /createUser POST
* /profile/:user/ GET
* /profile/:user/edit/ GET
* /editUser/:user/ POST

Hannah & Jadon:
* /createPaper POST
* /paper/:id/ GET
* /paper/:id/edit/ GET
* /editPaper/:id/ POST

Mina:
* CSS

* Closing remarks
  * Discussion of next meeting (10 min)
    * WHICH WILL BE IN PERSON
    * WE will meet on Saturday
    * Sunday will be the official day
    * The meeting might just go into a coding section

